---
title: PhD Positions, Numerical Analysis, Monash Univ | deadline 28 February 2023
date: 2023-01-15
tags:
  - Mathematics
  - Numerical analysis
description: PhD Positions, Numerical Analysis, Monash Univ
---

The group of computational and applied mathematics at Monash
University, Australia, welcomes applications for two PhD positions on
numerical analysis of nonlinear multiphysics problems. The positions
are co-funded by the Australian Research Council through a Discovery
Project grant and by a Future Fellowship grant, and by the School of
Mathematics.

The research projects will focus on the analysis and implementation of
embedded space-time discretisations for the coupling of heart
electromechanics. The PhD theses will be co-supervised by Santiago
Badia and Ricardo Ruiz Baier.

Candidates are expected to have finished a Master's degree in
mathematics or an equivalent qualification. A good command of
theoretical numerical analysis, scientific computing, functional
analysis, continuum mechanics, and PDEs is desired.

Monash University is located in Melbourne, the cultural hub of
Australia, and one of the most liveable cities in the world. It is an
exciting, culturally diverse and safe place to live and study. More
information can be found at
https://www.monash.edu/science/schools/school-of-mathematics/postgraduate-research

Inquiries and applications (including at least a cover letter, CV,
certificates of academic degrees and references for possible
recommendation letters) should be directed to
ricardo.ruizbaier@monash.edu until February 28, 2023. Later
applications might be considered for the next round, in late August.
